
1)My name is Lindsay Wreford Rennie, I was born in East London on the 4th of March 1978. I attended Selborne School from Grade 1 through to Grade 12, thereafter I pursued the study of a B.PROC Law Degree at the University of Port Elizabeth.I was employed by the justice department for three years before I realised that my true passion lay with dealing with people so I left the law and moved into a Customer Relations position at DHL, I spent 4 years with DHL before being offered shares in a Retail Liquor store which I accepted with open arms.I am happy to say that after joining Bay Liquor in February 2002 I am still here and going strong - loving my dealings with all my customers who mostly have become friends.

2)Having been an avid Captain Morgan and Coke fan - I was invited to go to a Whisky tasting...... what an experience and absolute life changer.... To be honest I was under the impression that all Whisky tasted the same - little did I know just how wrong and naieve I had been. I now had a new mission, to purchase adifferent bottle or age statement of whisky per month and allow my taste buds to lead me to my niche brand. In doing so I soon came to realize that whisky was tantamount to a religion to the people in the know and as I started to rub shoulders with fellow whisky enthusiasts I was drawn deeper into the history of whisky, its origins and different ageing procedures... I also realized that there were many people like me who had a passion for the occasional dram however being in a small town didnt have the ways or means of getting their hands on "THE GOOD STUFF", and so I found a niche in the market that would be fantastic to service and be of interest to me.



3)Word of mouth to my regular whisky connoisseurs at Bay Liquor, Whatsapp, Facebook, phone calls to contacts around the country, e-mails with requests to source certain whiskies. 


4)Being based in South Africa as an emerging whisky country, not many rare or vintaged small distillers export into the country so I basically have to make contact with overseas distilleries and pay for certain whiskies to be imported - hence causing the price to be rather expensive due to the strength of theSouth African Rand against foreign currencies added to the import duties payable. one other problem is availability as being in East London when rarerone of kind whiskies do make there way into South Africa they are sent to the major cities(CAPE TOWN, JOHANNESBURG, DURBAN etc...) I then have to go above and beyond to get the whiskies down for my consumers. 



5)It is an ongoing issue due to my Geographical location.


6)My vision for the near future is to open my own unique whisky store where I can showcase whiskies from different regions of the world, as well as to offer tastings, informative talks and to bring my excitement for whisky to people who may never have experienced it.I would like to get the message across that whisky is a very versatile as well as extremely interesting drink and not a product that has been "LABELLED"as a rich older generation drink - basicaly to change people of ages from 18 and ups perception of the product.


7)any like minded individual from age 18 and up. Whisky is not a "CLOSESD SECRET CLUB"


8)I distribute Japanese, Scottish, South African, American, British, French, Canadian, Irish as well as Indian Whiskies. Any product varying from a Bourbon,a single malt, a single barrel, a blended malt, a pure malt to any cask flavoured blends.

9)They have an option to collect from Postnet or if they prefer a quicker but more expensive option I arrange for DHL International (Dalsey, Hillblom & Lynn) to deliver directly to their door.



10)At the moment the only payment terms I offer are payment before delivery or EFT before delivery due to the fact that I have customers all over the country of South Africa.

11)I do have specials which I run where I may bundle 3 specific whiskies together such as a 12, 15 and 18 year old single malt of the same brand at a reduced costI also do a bundle deal with a whisky from each country to make up a mixed suprise box to allow my new customers a taste test of all the different whisky varieties available.


12)DALINDSO'S DRAM DEN


13)
1. Theo Buchler - A Director at ENS Africa - asked me to source a bottle of Kilchoman 100% Islay 7th Edition2. Xhosa Chief Oliver Liba - He only drank a Glenfiddich 30 year old single malt which was discontinued. I managed to arrange a bottle for    him to be imported from the Glenfiddich Distillery in Scotland3. Shawn Mills - An electrical contractor in East London - I organized a limited edition 200ml bottle of Johnnie Walker blue Label including   watch that was only available to the Diageo staff in 1993 - only 10000 were awarded worldwide.4. Mark Corlett - organized a bottle of the Timorous Beastie 18 year old single malt - of which only 7658 were distributed worldwide.5. Mark Viaene - Arranged for a bottle of Uigedail Grooves and Uigedail Corryvrekkan both very rare bottles of peated whisky

14)Glenfiddich, Diageo, ABV Brands, Distell, The Really Great Brand Company, Kilchoman Distillery, Pernod Ricard to name but a few.
